How dare you not listen to Mr. Shen's words?
Go away
Are you the one who should get out?
Mr. Shen, are you mistaken?
Take your place
Move into the office
I, Mr. Shen, he is just a little assistant
I'm afraid this is inappropriate
Go to the personnel department to leave now
I don't need employees who teach me how to do things
And
If you are free
Pack up with him and get out
Why did you fire Mr. Shen?
Don't you dare listen?
learn
Ah to
So eloquent in front of me
How can I be cowardly in front of others?
Why did you help me just now?
You are my assistant
Embarrassing you is hitting me in the face
Ok but thank you anyway
You are mine
No one was moved
Just wait, sooner or later
I will make you trust me.
In willingly
Help me find out the truth
Mr. Shen
Uh sorry me
Is this also part of your plan? Study